README.md, before:

# Cipher.Utils

This is a list of all the utility engineering tools I come across.

### Design & Component Libraries

1. **[uicolors.app](https://uicolors.app/)**: A website for generating color codes for UI design (Perfect resource to theme web apps).
2. **[ARK-UI](https://ark-ui.com/)**: A headless component UI library for fully customizable UI components. Think in the direction of Carousel components, calendars, Datepickers, such.

---

### Frontend

1. **[WDYR](https://github.com/welldone-software/why-did-you-render)**: A React.Js library that helps in identifying unnecessary component re-renders and common source of performance issues in react web apps.
2. **[Frontend Masters](https://frontendmasters.com/dashboard/)**: Professional platform to learn industry-level ways to use popular tools and frameworks for both beginners and pros, for both frontend and backend stuff (though mostly Frontend).  

---

### DSA

1. **[System Design School](https://systemdesignschool.io/)**: Platform to learn system design in a structured way. (Encompasses common patterns and explanations to unlimited applications designs).
2. **[NeetCode.io](https://neetcode.io/practice)**: NeetCode's platform housing a curated collection of DSA challenges and solutions mostly in Python and other languages.
 
---

### Monitoring & Analysis

1.  **[Stack Crawler](https://stackcrawler.com/)**: A tool to check the technology stack used to build web applications.
2.  **[PageSpeed Insights](https://pagespeed.web.dev/)**: A tool by Google to analyze the content of a web page and generate suggestions to make that page faster.
3.  **[DNS Checker](https://dnschecker.org/)**: A tool to check DNS propagation.
4. **[Dependency Cruiser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dependency-cruiser)**: Creates graphs to visualize and validate dependencies in your codebase (for JavaScript, ES6+, TypeScript), preventing circular imports, bloated bundles and architectural drifts.

---
 
### Image Optimization

1.  **[Squoosh](https://squoosh.app/)**: Best free tool to convert images to WebP and AVIF formats.

---

### Cloud Computing

1.  **[Subnet Calculator](https://www.subnet-calculator.com/)**: A tool for determining a CIDR range, useful when creating a VPC on AWS.

---

### Backend & DB

1.  **[Neon Launchpad - Postgres](https://neon.tech/launchpad)**: Instantly spin up a free Postgres database for your projects using Neon Launchpad.
2. **[Awesome Public APIs (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis)**: A comprehensive list of free and public APIs that are categorized for use by devs.

---

### News and Blogs

1. **[Daily.Dev](https://daily.dev/)**: The one place to get news and blogs about what is currently happening around the community. Fully customizable in terms of content shown, and available as an extension on your favorite browser.

---


### Others

1. **[Microsoft Fabric](https://app.fabric.microsoft.com/)**: A unified analytics platform. Very easy to build and train ML models and establish production ready pipelines.

---


### Tests
1. **[Free IQ test](https://www.free-iqtest.net/)**: Gives free IQ tests, for quick results on completion.

Commit message:

Add supabase to the list

README.md, after:

# Cipher.Utils

This is a list of all the utility engineering tools I come across.

### Design & Component Libraries

1. **[uicolors.app](https://uicolors.app/)**: A website for generating color codes for UI design (Perfect resource to theme web apps).
2. **[ARK-UI](https://ark-ui.com/)**: A headless component UI library for fully customizable UI components. Think in the direction of Carousel components, calendars, Datepickers, such.

---

### Frontend

1. **[WDYR](https://github.com/welldone-software/why-did-you-render)**: A React.Js library that helps in identifying unnecessary component re-renders and common source of performance issues in react web apps.
2. **[Frontend Masters](https://frontendmasters.com/dashboard/)**: Professional platform to learn industry-level ways to use popular tools and frameworks for both beginners and pros, for both frontend and backend stuff (though mostly Frontend).  

---

### DSA

1. **[System Design School](https://systemdesignschool.io/)**: Platform to learn system design in a structured way. (Encompasses common patterns and explanations to unlimited applications designs).
2. **[NeetCode.io](https://neetcode.io/practice)**: NeetCode's platform housing a curated collection of DSA challenges and solutions mostly in Python and other languages.
 
---

### Monitoring & Analysis

1.  **[Stack Crawler](https://stackcrawler.com/)**: A tool to check the technology stack used to build web applications.
2.  **[PageSpeed Insights](https://pagespeed.web.dev/)**: A tool by Google to analyze the content of a web page and generate suggestions to make that page faster.
3.  **[DNS Checker](https://dnschecker.org/)**: A tool to check DNS propagation.
4. **[Dependency Cruiser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dependency-cruiser)**: Creates graphs to visualize and validate dependencies in your codebase (for JavaScript, ES6+, TypeScript), preventing circular imports, bloated bundles and architectural drifts.

---
 
### Image Optimization

1.  **[Squoosh](https://squoosh.app/)**: Best free tool to convert images to WebP and AVIF formats.

---

### Cloud Computing

1.  **[Subnet Calculator](https://www.subnet-calculator.com/)**: A tool for determining a CIDR range, useful when creating a VPC on AWS.

---

### Backend & DB

1.  **[Neon Launchpad - Postgres](https://neon.tech/launchpad)**: Instantly spin up a free Postgres database for your projects using Neon Launchpad.
2. **[Awesome Public APIs (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis)**: A comprehensive list of free and public APIs that are categorized for use by devs.
3. **[Supabase](https://supabase.com/)**: Most advanced open source BaaS (Backend as a Service). An open-source alternative to firebase, built on Postgres.


---

### News and Blogs

1. **[Daily.Dev](https://daily.dev/)**: The one place to get news and blogs about what is currently happening around the community. Fully customizable in terms of content shown, and available as an extension on your favorite browser.

---


### Others

1. **[Microsoft Fabric](https://app.fabric.microsoft.com/)**: A unified analytics platform. Very easy to build and train ML models and establish production ready pipelines.

---


### Tests
1. **[Free IQ test](https://www.free-iqtest.net/)**: Gives free IQ tests, for quick results on completion.
